Use aio-libs/create-release action (#630)
aio-libs/multidict: CHANGES/README.rst

``doc``, ``misc`` etc., and add ``.rst`` as a suffix. If you
need to add more than one fragment, you may add an optional
sequence number (delimited with another period) between the type
and the suffix.

In general the name will follow ``<pr_number>.<category>.rst`` pattern,
where the categories are:

- ``feature``: Any new feature
- ``bugfix``: A bug fix
- ``doc``: A change to the documentation
- ``misc``: Changes internal to the repo like CI, test and build changes
- ``removal``: For deprecations and removals of an existing feature or behavior

A pull request may have more than one of these components, for example
a code change may introduce a new feature that deprecates an old
feature, in which case two fragments should be added. It is not
necessary to make a separate documentation fragment for documentation
changes accompanying the relevant code changes.

Examples for adding changelog entries to your Pull Requests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

File :file:`CHANGES/603.removal.1.rst`:

.. code-block:: rst

    Droped Python 3.5 support; Python 3.6 is the minimal supported Python version.

File :file:`CHANGES/550.bugfix.rst`:

.. code-block:: rst

>     Provided x86 Windows wheels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Started shipping Windows wheels for the x86 architecture.
```

File :file:`CHANGES/553.feature.rst`:

.. code-block:: rst

>     Supported ``GenericAliases`` (``MultiDict[str]``) for Python 3.9+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Added support for ``GenericAliases`` (``MultiDict[str]``) under Python 3.9 and higher.
```
